 How to recreate yourself brings to focus one of the chapters from on of Patricks' books " The 25 laws for doing the impossible".
 
 First step is to recreate yourself, be clear how dows one completely changes their identity?
 
 Set a goal that seems impossible to you... and go take that goal... make that thing become a rality
 
 it could be a certain amount amount of money, become a director, certain status. Why ? because you build credibility for yourself
 by working towards that.
 
 Invest in your identity first? 
 books, seminars, travels, meeting important people/ those that matter
 
 Let the right people in (i.e. associations) having the right people and mentors to influence you.
 
 Build your credibility doing what you said you will people will trust and like you being someone keeping their word.
 
 Strengthen your greatest weapon (imagie you have an smart mind and you do not feed it)
 
 Challenge your way of thinking, if your thinking worked... would you be where you are?
 if not challenge it 
 
 What is your "Why" ?
 Careful not to have your byproducts the main why... whats more important is to search deep in yourself ask why I want to do this?
 what am I seeking to change, what is my deeper purpose ?
 
 work like it is 1880
 The 4-hour work week won't guarantee you do major shifts to your life and most importantly won't bring you up to a higher level.
 
 
Elevate your imagination to a whole new level
Imagine how do you go to sleep with what thoughts? fear? opportunities that can come from your future potential?

Be as curious as Alice
Be curious for information that enlightens you and tap into that curiosity... being curious to learn/know is stronger than just knowing something...

Break away from the old you
Just because your friends and family has created an identity for you, you do not have to buy into that. Get better create your identity identify your identify new cause ang go make history

* Challenge yourself to doing the impossible in every aspect you want to change!

[10 laws on how to recreate yourself](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FzTKUgpbMpY)
