How to start and finish a project

We come up wih projects, spend money and then we might not finish with the cost of getting frustration 

90 of projects that we come up are worthless
*detach yourself from the idea and the project, understand that not everything is going to be great

you might fail 1000 times but one time is enough

Chunk the projects into small bits #start #middle #finish

Prioritize your ideas projects (timewise, 1 year, 3 year, 5year, 1 month idea) revisit when the time comes up

Ideation: masterminding and processing (group of 3 to 5 people)

Evaluate the idea ROI and spend time with those you select
resources (you need to know resources... i.e. you cannot easily buy amazon :))

recruit devils' advocate (imagine someone who shuts down the ideas)
* as much you think you does not need a person you really need that part of the team to critique the approach

Ideation | Initiation
Who are the people that can get involved to finish that project
Do we do it ourselves our we hire someone else
...evaluate if you need to reinvent the wheel if not, what can you leverage other resources?

Initiation| Who can I leverage that has done this before?
contact/meeting/call

How long with this take and how can we break it down into 3 to 5 different deadlines
whos 1,2,3 and delegate

what we'll do after the project is finalized

Ideation|Initiation|Instruction|Inspection|Implementation

Starting the process by instructing who does what

Break it into different bites

Inspetioon

Tracking and advancing
testing, inspecting looking, get answers to problems why this, why that

constant accountability (we're here, we're there)

Implementetion

Testing and execution
Soft launch(beta testing, oh we have problems with this... with that)

...then launching by finding your strategy how (i.e. 60/40 why)

Steps
1.ideation
what do I talk about most
what do other people see at me family/friends/
when you are going to write

2.initiation
agency? self publishing?
3.instruction
marketing?
4.inspection
editor?
5.implemenation
feedback/review/editing?

* If you consider these steps you will have a system to go through a project
