Know that 99% of your teachers are not entrepreneur and be okay if you feel weired as a potential teenage entrepreneur.
and oh.. life is not like Disney Land. In addition most of the people/friends do not want to see you better than you.

1. Life is not Disneyland
2. Do not be afraid to break the rules
3. Do not compare yourself too much to others
-let other successful people inspire you but do not dwell on that wasting energy thinkig to much why this guy has then other has this and I am not able to afford that yet...
just remember you are unique and keep seeding your dreams and goals working towards them. 

*And do not go through life being too concerned with someone stealing your ideas. Hoarding your ideas is not gonna tell anything to the world. The entire game is execution...

4. Do not let logic/ age bully you
Careful taking mistakes from elders that are taking your endeavors as just on of their ones in back in the day... instead ask that what mistakes did you do/make that made you end up here...
listen/distill other peoples' mistakes to learn not to repeat same but insted daring to try new things even without certainty of success/ or failure...

5. Team with the most driven individuals at school... not just your best friends
make friends with individuals that have nerdy/edgy traits though aligned to becomming better at a skill/trait/tool and willing to solve problems and challenges in the world.

6. Take care of your health early
Avoid having a lot of oily food, fastfood, chips chockolated and some moment to moment tummy desires etc..
Eat the healthier stuff for yourself by listening carefully to your body.

7. Do not read crappy books
If you read books about imagination that help you visualize...that could be find but ...do not read books that serves no purpose, avoid that

8. Learn the difference between ass-kissing and networking 
Do not be a teachers pet. Be a networker go ask your principal which one of your teacher was a professional athlete... and teacher... and/or entrepreneur go ask around, find them ask them:
- What does it take to be a professional athlete?
- Find a teacher/professor/conusellor who used to run a successful business before who sold it and preferrably now they're giving back to public what they earned..
- Network with them

9. Stop trying to be cool
...young age or your current circumstances to adapt the new social circle/city/contry things... might build you fake character so be careful not to fall to act cool be your authentic self...

10. Avoid putting yourself in dumb situations
...Undertand and do not get into situations that might threaten your lifes' goals and pursposes just because you were in the heat of the moment and your ego wanted to show up fighting for things far smaller than your dreams/goals
* Know that what you do today might affect a potential successful trajectory in your life
(What are some dumb things well... drugs, alcohol, pot etc. avoid those situations/things)

11. Do not make sex your god
...ask a 40-50 year old guy have they had enough sex and they find very probably yes... so you are fine do not overthink sex and center everything around it... use your creative might for more creative things in life other things will eventually come...

12. Feeling like you do not matter
Sometimes your family/social circle might put their frustrations/ regrets on you and those things/scars affect you. Know they do not fully mean it... realize, build immunity and do not get impacted by those negative experiences instead move one.. and fight for your dream.

13. Stuyding the right content
Go backwards to every single valutainments' episodes and stud the content based on people who are running businessses not only those who have only theories.
* Study the people who are "Trifecta"



[Common Mistakes Teenage Entrepreneurs Make](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X_U-uq6jzrY)
