# Digital media trends

Have you checked the percentage of women vs men being on major plaftorms like facebook, youtube?
Do you know the percentage of users being active on facebook is mainly female? 74% femailes vs 62% males?
what does that tell you...?

How about age-wise?
54% of all facebook users are above 35 years old... what can you say about this generation... the music the listen too
TV shoulds they would be inclined to watch, products most likely they will buy...

How many times do you log on to Facebook vs Youtube?
...well some stats (from 2019) showed that
1. Youtube 73%
2. Facebook 68%
3. Instagram 35%

* Linkedin even though might be slightly less user intense as top three however its trajectory projects a steep growth over the upcoming years...

What generation consumes and more ads? what are the plaforms showing good results for ads?
Have you studied the type of content/ format/ length in various plaforms that users find value consuming?

Check the plaforms doing well and for what type of content?
Have you followed the Media summits/ events/ conferences what have been you observation content-wise, user-wise, strategy-wise to bringing value to users?
How are different countries doing towards adjusting for the new forms of medias coming up and showing future potential?

What do the media trends show you about?
China
Europe
India

Have you payed attention what shows drew the attention of most users while live streaming?
e-sports?
league of legends?
sports events overall?

What is the number total number of viewers all around the world for these plaforms and why ?
Do you have a strategy for growth?

1. Identify what is your category of users
2. Which platform do they hang out the most
3. Content
4. Budget to get exposed
5. Position (knowing if you want to compete and how)
figure out what do you need to complete, speed, quality of content.... strategy?

* Create a Calendar for Content Creation and start creating
* Do not get paralysed by perfection at least publish once a month... but keep it rolling constantly and put value out there...

[Digital Media Trends Every Entrepreneur Needs to Know About
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=32UQ2bfclGo)
