Imagine going to the gym and you see a guy almost all the time at the gym however, you do not see a great difference.

Why a person does more over the other persion

Do I know the real difference of linear progress vs exponential ?

How to prioritize your time?
As a leader you may be doing the below:

-next innovative compasion
-leadership development 
-operating system better
-biz dev sales

What you do is linked also when you do it

survival|formulation|explosion|plateau

survival- you can go out everytime
formulation - putting pieces together
explosion you may be hitting the plateau


next innovative campaign
Everybody will get judged by how the ran the campaign

instead of paying 28 and two years free gasoline

walmart sales in three products we get in and buy a bunch of other things...

every business should have the next innovative campaign they constantly should run.

As a leader you may need to think who do I have at the home office that I can make into a major leader in the company?

Identify and assess that qualities, if not yet go ahead and identify what people you need...

make a list top 5 or 3
this person needs this their strengths are this... their weaknesses are that...
...this person does not respond well to this not to that etc
...this person's sensitivity towards this and that is so and so
...competitiveness
...ideas
...solid/case/chip
...believer of the vision
etc

what can I do with them, you present those things to them and you challenges him or her to grow.
* Identify the person you need, assess, evaluate and find you the next actions you need to take for the next 3, 6, 12 months or 3 years you need to do...
..you do this with various key roles/player in your company.

what should you do as a CEO or entrepreneur? do you know on what things will you'll get judged?
types of leaders you develop?
...others

players into leaders this is an exponential

Too slow.... too fast growth can make a business go out of business ... pay attention to your operation system... tune your knobs

Biz dev and sales, new partners/relationships/events/annual relationships

where do I spend most of my time?


just because...
you chose to become and entrepreneur or ceo or... it does not mean you are doing things right find out where you are... what are you doing
and what you ought to focus on doing really really well...

* You ask this question what phase am I in, survival... what is more important?

* not matter the videos you see... the books you read... articles you read... anything at the end of the day when you build a successful business
you will get judeged based on the decisions you made based on the access you had with the information at hand/

have you put a strategy together?
what is your strategy quadrant?
where do you need to pivot?



[How to strategize as an entrepreneur](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2jG6lJLcToA)






